hey whats up youtube HBIC of X cos 466
was the first place karakuri deck
profile now the winner apparently called
it just pure crockery I do not call it
Peter Carter is because you wonder why
because it has psychics in it now if you
remember the deck like plants when I had
three tangos in it is called Tengu plan
I know he's the creator of deck and he's
ocg player from Singapore then rushed
the facebook group by the way he ran the
whole he covered the whole event in the
one-day event I give him props for that
I forgot his name thing is Adrian or
Andre I think it's somewhat a I don't
remember he's in the title I'm go up top
of my head but he has won because
someone was arguing with me before
saying that uh if he won he should call
it wherever he wants his car carries you
guys tell me comment you call you peer
car curries or psychic car curries I'm a
little psychic but anyways go over his
deck profile 3 Natasha's probably on
butcher of these three of this one too
it a ninja three soldiers to strategist
and one watched up to maxies to second
commanders redox and solar wind jammer I
know a lot of people who finally getting
back into yugioh or took a while took a
break and they are coming back to play
yugioh because their favorite deck one
so ya book of moon d synchro three
emergency teleport 3 instant fusion iron
call karakuri cask aged the mineral 3
missile space typhoon if you guys missed
the Jeff Jones thing you guys just see
it right there and the overexposed video
or my first market watch video bottom
strap hole compulsory evacuation device
3 theme is chained solemn warning sigh
deck to DD crow exceeds encore goes and
match two of them to lighten prisoner
overworked robbery of warlords to a soul
soul soldiering transfer progression of
prophecy two traps too
and my stroke after that to Cyprus oars
colleges catastor black rose dragon
crimson blader three beret three
burritos notorious beast divine dragon
knight draco-equiste port event facebook
page this guide created anyone the event
so ya see ya another deck profile
hopefully beginning soon it can't
control it Dark Phoenix rises
by the flame I'll destroy home runs so a
chance you got